World Wide Technology logo
World Wide Technology
Share
Show more options
Senior Data Analyst 
San Jose, Costa Rica · 1 hour ago · 6 applicants
Promoted by hirer · No response insights available yet


 Remote
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.

 Full-time
Matches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.

Easy Apply

Save
Save Senior Data Analyst  at World Wide Technology
Senior Data Analyst
World Wide Technology · San Jose, Costa Rica (Remote)

Easy Apply

Save
Save Senior Data Analyst  at World Wide Technology
Show more options
Your profile matches some required qualifications


Show match details

Tailor my resume

Help me update my profile

Create cover letter


BETA

Is this information helpful?



Meet the hiring team
Katherine C is hiring
Katherine C  
 2nd
Senior Talent Management @ World Wide Technology | Lead Women in STEM
Job poster · 1 mutual connection

Message
About the job
Why WWT? 
 
At World Wide Technology, we work together to make a new world happen. Our important work benefits our clients and partners as much as it does our people and communities across the globe. WWT is dedicated to achieving its mission of creating a profitable growth company that is also a Great Place to Work for All. We achieve this through our world-class culture, generous benefits and by delivering cutting-edge technology solutions for our clients.
Founded in 1990, WWT is a global technology solutions provider leading the AI and Digital Revolution. WWT combines the power of strategy, execution and partnership to accelerate digital transformational outcomes for organizations around the globe. Through its Advanced Technology Center, a collaborative ecosystem of the world's most advanced hardware and software solutions, WWT helps clients and partners conceptualize, test and validate innovative technology solutions for the best business outcomes and then deploys them at scale through its global warehousing, distribution and integration capabilities. 

With over 12,000 employees across WWT and Softchoice and more than 60 locations around the world, WWT's culture, built on a set of core values and established leadership philosophies, has been recognized 14 years in a row by Fortune and Great Place to Work® for its unique blend of determination, innovation and creating a great place to work for all. 

Want to work with highly motivated individuals on high-performance teams? Join WWT today! 

 
A Brief Overview



The Senior Data Analyst in the Marketing department will lead end-to-end delivery of data requests, ensuring alignment with marketing goals and strategies. This entails engaging with stakeholders to deeply understand their business needs and how data requests contribute to our marketing strategies. The successful candidate will be responsible for analyzing complex data sets, building data sources, and influencing data-driven decisions related to digital and physical marketing efforts, UX design, and business impact. The role extends beyond report generation; the analyst will actively contribute to the advancement of our team's innovation and creativity. This includes proactively researching insights, and recommending projects and experiments aligned with marketing goals.


Job Responsibilities:

Constructs models for measuring and forecasting
Delivers solutions to business users that are aligned to best practices and provide thought leadership in the analytics space
Builds reports, dashboards, and metrics to monitor engagement and the effectiveness of digital content
Mines data, performs advanced statistical analysis, and visualizes data to help understand user interaction and engagement
Processes, cleanses, and verifies the integrity of data used for analysis
Organizes, consolidates, maintains, and works to prune and replace legacy reports
Is a subject matter expert for data and processes in the sales and marketing organization
Leads business users in requirement gathering and documentation for metric and dashboard development
Autonomous and self-motivated - execute on requirements both independently and with team collaboration
Provides ongoing support of any reporting and analytic needs
Provides advice and education in the usage and interpretation of data to the business users


Qualifications:



Bachelor’s Degree in Arts/Sciences (BA/BS) Statistics, Mathmatics, Business, Marketing or related field required
A minimum of 5 years' progressive experience in a related field required
5+ years of relevant experience managing data and data platforms
Expert in SQL: experience querying large, complex data sets to understand the business granularly
Proficiency with R, Python, or other statistical languages
Proficiency with data visualization tools like Tableau, Excel, Power BI, Google Analytics or similar
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, etc.)
Ability to apply statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc
Ability to work collaboratively with colleagues and staff to create a results-driven, team-oriented environment
Desire to creatively take on new challenges and work outside of comfort zone
Desire to learn new technologies and analytics techniques
Excellent verbal and written communication skills


Want to learn more about WWT? Check us out here: https://www.wwt.com/about

 
The well-being of WWT employees is essential. So, when it comes to our benefits package, WWT has one of the best. We offer the following benefits to all full-time employees:
Health and Wellbeing: Combined Health Insurance (Dental and Vision), Employee Assistance Program, Wellness program
Financial Benefits: Competitive pay, Profit Sharing, Life and Disability Insurance, Tuition Reimbursement
Paid Time Off: PTO & Holidays, Parental Leave, Sick Leave, Bereavement
Additional Perks: Employee Assistance Program, Employee Discount Program and more!


We strive to create an environment where all employees are empowered to succeed based on their skills, performance, and dedication. Our goal is to cultivate a culture of belonging that encourages innovation, collaboration, and respect for all team members, ensuring that WWT remains a great place to work for All!